README.md, before:

# FedexSignup

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.0.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Dependencies

Run `ng add @cypress/schematic` to add Cypress and auxiliary npm packages to package.json, add the Cypress configuration file cypress.json, change the angular.json configuration file to add ng run commands, and create a sub-directory named cypress with a scaffold for your tests.

Run `npm install @ngxs/store` to apply state management, single source of truth for application's state via [NGXS](https://www.ngxs.io).

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

docs: upadte README.md for emitter

README.md, after:

# FedexSignup

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.0.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Dependencies

Run `ng add @cypress/schematic` to add Cypress and auxiliary npm packages to package.json, add the Cypress configuration file cypress.json, change the angular.json configuration file to add ng run commands, and create a sub-directory named cypress with a scaffold for your tests.

Run `npm install @ngxs/store` to apply state management, single source of truth for application's state via [NGXS](https://www.ngxs.io).

Run `npm install @ngxs-labs/emitter` ER is a new pattern that provides the opportunity to feel free from actions via [Emitter](https://www.ngxs.io/v/v3.4/ngxs-labs/emitter).


## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
